Never let your best friends get lonely, keep disturbing them.
Common sense is like deodorant, those who need it the most never use it.
I did not trip and fall
People say you can’t live without love, but I think oxygen is more important.
What do I do for a living? I breathe in and out.
My boss is like a baby, screams and wakes me up every half hour.
Give me a photo of you so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas.
Why is Monday so far from Friday, and Friday so close to Monday?
Never judge a book by its movie.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits
Don’t worry, the spider is smaller than you
I hate Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and half of Fridays.
I don’t need a hair stylist, my pillow gives me a new hairstyle every morning.
If you can’t remember my name, just say ‘chocolate’ and I’ll turn around..
I may not know karate, but I know crazy and I’m not afraid to use it.
I don’t like morning people, or mornings, or people.
Why cry for someone when you can laugh next to someone else?
If you can’t laugh at your own problems, call me and I’ll laugh at them.
Whenever I clean my closet I take a GPS with me, so I can find my way back.
Nine out of ten people love chocolate, and the 10th person is always lying.
If lying was a job some people would be billionaires.
Cell phones these days keep getting thinner and smarter; people the opposite.
I’m sorry that I’m not updating my Facebook status, my cat ate my mouse.
Life always offers you a second chance
I’m old enough to know better, but young enough to do it anyway.
You can only be young once
I know that I am stupid but when I look around me I feel a lot better.
There’s life without Facebook and internet? Really? Send me the link.
All you need is love
I’m not weird, I’m just limited edition.
Love your enemies
Don’t drink to forget me, you’ll end up seeing me double.
It’s not important to win, it’s important to make the other guy lose.
I am too lazy to be lazy.
My six pack is protected by a layer of fat.
Maybe there are no excuses to be lazy, but I’m still going to keep looking.
Life doesn’t have any hands, but it can sure give you a slap sometimes.
Yes, officer, I saw the speed limit, I just didn’t see your car.
Never take life seriously
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
I have a new hairstyle today, it’s called ‘I tried.’
You can’t have everything, where would you put it? – Steven Alexander Wright
I didn’t mean to push all your buttons, I was just looking for the mute button.
I’m multitasking: I can listen, ignore and forget at the same time.
Smile today, tomorrow could be worse.
When nothing is going right, go left.
To the guy who created imaginary numbers in math: I hate you.
Diet rule #1: If nobody sees you eating it, it doesn’t contain any calories.
I never apologize
I always dream of being a millionaire like my uncle
When I was in high school I had two favorite subjects, lunch and recess.
If you think nothing is impossible, try slamming a revolving door.
He who wakes up early, yawns all day long.
My imaginary friend thinks he has problems.
Relationships these days start by pressing LIKE on her photo.
If you don’t succeed at first, hide all evidence that you tried.
If you have crazy friends you have everything you’ll ever need.
Always remember you’re unique, just like everyone else
Forget the butterflies, I feel the entire zoo in my stomach when I’m with you.
I tried looking at the bright side of life, but it hurt my eyes.
Marriage is like a walk in the park, Jurassic Park.
Sometimes when I close my eyes, I can’t see.
I’m not here to judge, I’m just pointing out all the mistakes you’re making.
Never let a fool kiss you, or a kiss fool you.
He who laughs last didn’t get it
When our phones fall, we panic; but when our friends fall, we laugh.
To make time fly, throw your watch out the window.
Silence is golden, unless you have kids, then silence is just plain suspicious.
The best things in life are free
I don’t go crazy, I am crazy
Friends come and go, but enemies remain and build up.
Never test how deep the water is with both feet.
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on
I’m so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed.
Be careful when you follow the masses
With great power comes an even greater electricity bill.
Life is always rocky when you’re a gem.
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the up button
I’m not running away from hard work, I’m too lazy to run.
I don’t need anger management, you just need to stop making me angry.
I put my phone in airplane mode, but it’s not flying.
You’re born free, then you’re taxed to death.
I’ve made it from the bed to the couch
Your eyes water when you yawn, because you miss your bed and it makes you sad.
Pleasing everyone, that’s impossible
Whoever said great things come in small packages hasn’t seen my big screen TV.
I now pronounce you man and wife, you may now change your Facebook status.
Whenever I am sad I go to my favorite place, the fridge.
Those who snore always fall asleep first.
Don’t make me laugh, I’m trying to be mad at you.
The chains on my mood swing just snapped
My diet for today: 1% food, 99% Halloween candy.
Home: Where I can look ugly and not care.
On Mercury, a day lasts 1,408 hours
Our toaster has two settings: too soon or too late
Today I was a hero
You never run out of things that can go wrong
I wasn’t mad, but now that you asked me 7 times if I’m mad.
Hmmm, this text message is a little too harsh, I’ll add ‘LOL’ at the end.
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love
If I won the award for laziness, I would send somebody to pick it up for me.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died
If nothing is impossible is it possible for something to be impossible?
Smiles are contagious, be a carrier.
Life is like a very long TV show, without a remote control.
A bald spot is like a lie, the bigger it gets the harder it is to cover it up.
I’m in desperate need of a 6-month vacation, twice a year.
I love my computer because all my friends live inside it.
My wife and I were happy for 20 years, then we met
God heals, and the doctor takes the fees
Remember: Don’t Insult the Alligator till after you cross the river.
Sometimes I wish I was an octopus, so I could slap eight people at once.
Maybe if we tell people the brain is an app, they’ll start using it.
Bowling Alley: Please be quiet
Car Dealership: The best way to get back on your feet, miss a car payment.
Are these genes in your jeans or are you just happy to see me?
After Monday and Tuesday, even the calendar says W T F.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
The dyslexic devil worshipper sold his soul to Santa.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s okay, he woke up.
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs.
Why couldn’t the leopard play hide and seek? Because he was always spotted.
What starts with E, ends with E, and has only 1 letter in it?  Envelope.
My bed is a magical place where I suddenly remember everything I forgot to do.
How do you count cows? With a cowculator.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
I wish my wallet came with free refills.
An apple a day keeps anyone a way, if you throw it hard enough.
My room is like the Bermuda triangle, stuff goes in and is never seen again.
It may look like I’m doing nothing, but in my head, I’m quite busy.
Be strong, I whispered to my WiFi signal.
You never know what you have, until you clean your closet.
I enjoy taking long romantic walks, to the fridge.
A best friend is like a four leaf clover, hard to find, lucky to have.
‘Revenge’ sounds so mean, that’s why I prefer to call it ‘Returning the favor.’
If everyone knew what I was thinking, I would get punched in the face a lot.
I just wanted you to know that somebody cares
Don’t worry if plan A fails, there are 25 more letters in the alphabet.
For the best seat in the house, you’ll have to move the dog.
Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a peeing section in a pool
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.
You kill vegetarian vampires with a steak to the heart.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn’t complain.
Some people are like clouds
If you want to catch a squirrel just climb a tree and act like a nut.
I haven’t talked to my wife in three weeks
Not saying I hate you, but if your face was on fire and I had a glass of water, I’d drink it.
I used to have winter fat but now I have spring rolls.
Love may be blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
Pampered cows produce spoiled milk.
I heard a great joke about amnesia but I forgot it.
Learn sign language, it’s very handy.
Thank God I’m an atheist.
The biggest critics of my books are the people who never read them
At night, I can’t fall asleep
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea
If you want your children to listen, try talking softly to someone else
A committee is a group that keeps the minutes and loses hours
If at first, you don’t succeed, so much for skydiving
If you think women are the weaker sex, try pulling the blanket back to your side
I tell you what always catches my eye
I have Alzheimer’s bulimia, first I eat everything in sight and then I forget to puke
No matter how bad it gets I’m always rich when I go to the dollar store.
Seeing a spider in my room isn’t scary
Wouldn’t exercise be more fun if calories screamed while you burned them? – Bill Murray
I intend to live forever
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city
First, the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me
Honolulu, it’s got everything
I live in a neighborhood so bad that you can get shot while getting shot
My legs are so sore from the gym that I almost couldn’t walk to the donut shop
I bet giraffes don’t even know what farts smell like
A bargain is something you don’t need at a price you can’t resist
I didn’t give you the finger, you earned it
If we shouldn’t eat at night, why is there a light in the fridge?
They say ‘don’t try this at home’ so I’m coming over to your house to try it.
The early bird catches the worm, eats more and dies sooner
If you steal from one author, it’s plagiarism; if you steal from many, it’s research
If you think nobody cares if you’re alive, try missing a couple of car payments
My dream job would be the Karma delivery service
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don’t have eyes.
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Can February march? No, but April may.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
When you fall, I will be there to catch you with love
What is the tallest building in the entire world? The library, because it has so many stories.
What’s the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can tune a guitar, but you can’t tuna fish.
Why did the school kids eat their homework? Because their teacher told them it was a piece of cake.
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? ‘Oh sheet!’
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
Why is England the wettest country? Because so many kings and queens have been reigning there.
How do trees access the internet? They log in.
What do you get when you cross a fish and an elephant? Swimming trunks.
What is Mozart doing right now? Decomposing.
I could agree with you, but then we’d both be wrong.
I didn’t fall, I’m just spending some quality time with the floor.
If Cinderella’s shoe fit perfectly, then why did it fall off?
Lottery: a tax on people who are bad at math.
IRS: We’ve got what it takes to take what you have got.
What happens to a frog’s car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
Why was six scared of seven? Because seven “ate” nine.
I only check my voicemail to get rid of the annoying little icon.
My windows aren’t dirty, my dog is painting.
No matter how bad it gets, I’m always rich when I go to the dollar store.
Today, I laughed until my abs started hurting, so I can skip the gym.
I know that I am intelligent, because I know that I know nothing
I don’t suffer from insanity
If you’re hotter than me, then that means I’m cooler than you.
I said yes, which turned out to be the right answer
The only power you have is the word ‘no’
Art doesn’t transform
I said “no” to drugs, but they just wouldn’t listen.
Every day is a gift, that’s why they call it the present.
I believe we should all pay our tax bill with a smile
Why can’t you play cards on a small boat? Because someone is always sitting on the deck.
Of course, I talk to myself, sometimes I need expert advice.
Yes, of course, I am athletic, I surf the Internet every day.
My silence spoke a thousand words, but you never heard them.
My wallet is like an onion, opening it makes me cry.
I really should do something with my life, maybe tomorrow.
When the past comes knocking, don’t answer
Waiting until the movie starts to eat your popcorn, hardest thing in the world.
I love my job only when I’m on vacation.
Always follow your heart, but remember to bring your brain along.
It’s alright if you don’t agree with me, I can’t force you to be right.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
If people are talking behind your back, be happy that you are the one in front.
You wanna know who I’m in love with? Read the first word again.
I’m not arguing, I’m just telling you why you’re wrong.
My goal this weekend is to move, just enough so people don’t think I’m dead.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
I always carry a knife in my purse, just in case we’re having cake.
I am on a seafood diet
I wonder how police on bikes arrest people
The future is shaped by your dreams, so stop wasting time and go to sleep.
If Monday had a face, I would punch it.
A balanced diet means a cupcake in each hand.
We all have baggage, find someone who loves you enough to help you unpack.
My house was clean yesterday, sorry you missed it.
When life closes a door, just open it again
Lazy people fact #2347827309018287
I don’t know how to act my age because I’ve never been this old before.
A mind is like a parachute
Relax, it’s the weekend, just don’t blink or it will be all over.
The only relationship I have is with my Wifi
All my life I thought air was free, until I bought a bag of chips.
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do
Doing nothing is hard, you never know when you’re done.
We are going to be best friends forever, besides you already know too much.
Square box, round pizza, triangle slices, now that’s confusing.
Sorry, I didn’t pick up my phone, I got carried away dancing to the ringtone.
Friends buy you food
You know you are lazy when you get excited about canceling your plans.
Don’t give up on your dreams so soon, sleep longer.
I’m not lazy, I’m just very relaxed.
Never ask a starfish for directions.
I wonder, do we lazy people go to heaven or do they send someone to pick us up?
I lost some weight once, but I found it again in the fridge.
Yesterday I did nothing and today I’m finishing what I did yesterday.
I’m not lazy, I’m on power saving mode.
If only common sense were more common.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Papercut: A tree’s final moment of revenge.
Stop texting me in the middle of texting you, now I have to change my text.
You can stop driving me crazy, I can walk from here.
Every weekend I do what I love most, absolutely nothing.
Why do they call it beauty sleep when you wake up looking terrible?
Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die
Who says nothing is impossible? I’ve been doing nothing for years.
I’m going to stand outside, so if anybody asks for me, I’m outstanding.
I eat cake because it’s someone’s birthday somewhere today.
Life’s biggest struggle: I need to pee, but I don’t want to get out of bed.
Exercise? I thought you said extra fries.
Be the person your dog thinks you are. — C.J. Frick
My fashion philosophy is, if you're not covered in dog hair, your life is empty. — Elayne Boosler
Dogs’ lives are too short. Their only fault, really. — Agnes Sligh Turnbull
No matter how little money and how few possessions you own, having a dog makes you rich. — Louis Sabin
Happiness is a warm puppy. — Charles M. Schulz
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than he loves himself. — Josh Billings
Dogs are great. Bad dogs, if you can really call them that, are perhaps the greatest of them all. — John Grogan
Dogs do speak, but only to those who low how to listen. — Orhan Pamuk
Everything I know, I learned from dogs. — Nora Roberts